I am always looking for new ways and techniques to improve productivity and speed of my students, clients
as well as my own.
One of the ways I do this is by programming the VBA tools to automate the monotonous staff, and
extend the functionality of PowerPoint.
Today, I would like to share with you the PowerPoint add-in which I created for this course.
Before I explain how these tools work, I would like to guide you through the installation process.
Download the QUICK-Tools.ppam file.
Open your PowerPoint, navigate to the 'File' tab, and then click 'Options'.
Inside the Options dialog box select 'Add-ins'.
In the 'Manage' list at the bottom of the dialog box, click 'PowerPoint add-ins', and then click 'Go'.
The 'Add-ins' dialog box will appear. Click 'Add New'.
Browse for the Quick Tools add-in, and then click 'OK'.
A security notice appears.
Click 'Enable Macros', and then close the window.
Installation is completed!
Now, you should see the Quick Tools tab inside your PowerPoint.
In the next movie, I will explain how these tools work in practice.